README.md, before:

## Why
I got fed up with OPL Manager's wonky rename function and decided to write my own script for it.

## Installing dependencies
```
pip install bs4 pycdlib requests
```

## Usage
Copy the script to your rom storage folder and run the following command in a terminal of your choice.
```
python opl-rom-tools.py [options]
```
To use the artwork copy feature, point it to one of [those](https://archive.org/details/oplm-128x128) massive ps2 artwork folders as the source, and your opl media's *ART* directory as the destination.
The script will only copy artwork for games present to avoid having a ton of stray files on your drive.
## Options
| Option   | Effect                                                                             |
|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| -r / --r | Rename ISO Files                                                                   |
| -s / --s | Enforce strict naming rules ```(a-z, A-Z, 0-9, ., _, -, [], () and spaces only)``` |
| -c / --c | Find and copy game artwork                                                         |
| -o / --o | Use the old naming scheme                                                          |
| -v / --v | Verbose output                                                                     |
| -h / --h | Display help message                                                               |

## How does it work?
The script attempts to extract the game serial from each iso file and looks it up on [Redump](http://redump.org).
After that it renames each file to *&lt;game name&gt;*.iso (unless ```-o / --o``` is being used, then it will be *&lt;game serial&gt;*.*&lt;game name&gt;*.iso.

## What now
I might add cover art downloading at some point if I feel like it, not sure yet.

## This code sucks lmao!
Probably, i barely ever touch python.

![Cat laughing about your failures](/img/point_and_laugh.jpg)

Commit message:

update README.md, added option to automatically truncate game names to 32 characters

README.md, after:

## Why
I got fed up with OPL Manager's wonky rename function and decided to write my own script for it.

## Installing dependencies
```
pip install bs4 pycdlib requests
```

## Usage
Copy the script to your rom storage folder and run the following command in a terminal of your choice.
```
python opl-rom-tools.py [options]
```
To use the artwork copy feature, point it to one of [those](https://archive.org/details/oplm-128x128) massive ps2 artwork folders as the source, and your opl media's *ART* directory as the destination.
The script will only copy artwork for games present to avoid having a ton of stray files on your drive.
## Options
| Option   | Effect                                                                             |
|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| -r / --r | Rename ISO Files                                                                   |
| -o / --o | Use the old naming scheme                                                          |
| -s / --s | Enforce strict naming rules ```(a-z, A-Z, 0-9, ., _, -, [], () and spaces only)``` |
| -t / --t | Truncate game names to 32 characters                                               |
| -c / --c | Find and copy game artwork                                                         |
| -v / --v | Verbose output                                                                     |
| -h / --h | Display help message                                                               |

## How does it work?
The script attempts to extract the game serial from each iso file and looks it up on [Redump](http://redump.org).
After that it renames each file to *&lt;game name&gt;*.iso (unless ```-o / --o``` is being used, then it will be *&lt;game serial&gt;*.*&lt;game name&gt;*.iso.

## What now
I might add cover art downloading at some point if I feel like it, not sure yet.

## This code sucks lmao!
Probably, i barely ever touch python.

![Cat laughing about your failures](/img/point_and_laugh.jpg)
